
HTML

    What are HTML elements?
they allow you to manipulate on-screen items by group
    What are HTML element attributes? What are some examples of HTML attributes and what do they do?
they are traits of elements...like color, font size, padding etc
    In an HTML element, what does the id attribute do? The class attribute?
id attribute manipulates one thing, classes manipulate multiple
    What is an inline element? A block element? What are some examples of each?
-inline element doesnt require multiple lines or a block. ex are hyperlink, image

-block requires space around it and ex are header, paragraph, title

    How do semantic HTML elements help developers markup content?
-ease of usage amd intended usage
    Usage of specific elements:

        How are div elements used? How do they differ from elements like article or p?
divs are used to containerize elements on a page....its a generic block element
        How are span elements used? How do they differ from elements like a or b?
When your content isn’t a paragraph or table or hyperlink (…etc.), 
you can use div or span....span is a generic inline ele

    Creating forms in HTML:

        In form elements, what is the method attribute used to specify? The action attribute?
type, name, value, id?
action is whether its a submit or click?
        List the various types of input tags. How do you set an input tag’s type?
Text, Checkbox, Radio (radio button)

        For an input tag, what does the name attribute do?
title the field



























CSS

    In CSS, what is a selector? A property? A value?
-a selector attaches itself to elements via class, id or tag....properties:val
    What is the difference between combining selectors and descendent selectors?
combining sel= p.urgent {color:red;} <---specifying all paragraphs
descendent sel= p b{color:red;} <---specifying paragraphs that have bold text in them
    For block elements, what attributes are applied to all four sides?
padding, margin, 
    What is the Order of Precedence in CSS?
last one wins
























Flask and Jinja2

    What is the request object in Flask? What can you use it for?

    In Flask, how do you access form values for a POST request? How about for a GET request?

    What is Jinja? What does the function render_template do?

    Jinja syntax to know

        For-loops

        If-statements

        Showing text with Jinja

        Setting HTML attributes using Jinja

        Template inheritance (using a base.html to create consistency)


























How the Web Works

    When you type a URL into a web browser, what happens?

        Be able to explain this in your own words, hitting each main concept from the lecture.

    What are the five main components of a URL?

    What is the difference between a GET request and a POST request?













Cookies and Sessions

    What is a cookie? What is a session? How are the two different?













APIs and Requests Library

    What is an API? What does API stand for?

    What are some examples of web-based APIs?

    What is an API endpoint?

    What are the core tenets of REST in the context of APIs?

    How can you keep your API access tokens out of git? What should you do if you accidentally add your API tokens to git?

    Why is it bad to push your API tokens to git?











Testing

    What are doctests? How do you create and run them?

    What is the difference between a unit test and an integration test?

